That it probably is. The build is my dad's mate. He's a bit. He's a proper geezer.
Proper. Southeast on the gate. On those builders. You know, that walk
spooks on that. His legs like he's got a pool table between his
legs. And he walks out.
[Laughter]
That looks so he's got he's got those really thin jogging bottoms
now there's that grey jogging bottoms that builders where I don't know where they
get them from there so thin. And it just grab
some say anything that is that long.
Instead out buys no bamboos as he comes to. captured?
And sometimes more. It's more. It's weird running, being naked. I don't no
one who's more intrusive is Alausa. And what we got
here. I don't know if you think that's
[Laughter]
where. I reckon I could draw reasonable bollocks from memory. Better than mine.
So he's cubby like that of alcohol I got you want a cup of tea?
[Laughter]
It goes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Out of cup to. And he sugars, it went
13. That's not a cup of
tea anymore. It's a pudding. That's
an angel to of a teabag and
13 sugars. I know make sticking it in three quarters of
a sugar commercial quote. It's already
[Laughter]
cost me. I put
14 in to test it. Give him one.
It's a bit sweet. It. it. You
want me on 13? You greedy bastard. I'll talk to
[Applause]
Terry's come round. And it's bittersweet for him. Is it?
What are you going to do? This job. I want it done before your foot comes off. Right.
[Laughter]
You know how to kick out the fridge? Right foot. Right. Let's get back. Onside kick.
Cat right into sugar. I like introducing people to new things. Everyone's Kit Kat
forefinger. Kit Kat, I owe you a Kit Kat for. Think this.
I've said that wrong. Ever. No.
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I thought you looked at me funny. Sorry, I
so I said that like it was your name.
[Laughter]
I was, I meant what I mean to say.
I cut off the moment to say, I just, I went to. How would
you how would you eat a fourth finger? Kit-Kat.
Ball in Algeria. Kit-Kat. Four
fingers.
[Laughter]
Oh, God. Hello, Forefingers. How's it going?
It made fun of.
Me to smoke, by the looks of things. Sorry
[Laughter]
about that. Not an ideal nickname for a young lady, is it? Really?
[Applause]
So what would you do? One finger at a time. Is that what you.
[Laughter]
Do?
[Applause]
She's talking and she's talking. So what's your
name? Anita. Nice to meet you, Anita. Sorry for calling
you four fingers. Um,
anyway. Anita. Algebra. Kit Kat. That's what I was going for. One at
a time, right? One at a time is a new approach to full.
[Applause]
Yes.